Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
- Heh heh heh heh.
- Ow!
Whoa!
- Cool. Heh heh heh heh.
- Aah!
Aah!
- Hee hee hee hee.
- Aah!
Ow! Damn it. Butt-Head.
Ow! Space sucks.
- Heh heh heh. That was cool.
- Heh heh heh heh.
- Heh heh heh.
- Oh. hello. I'm Butt-Head.
Heh heh heh.
- And I'm Beavis.
Heh. Heh. Welcome.
Heh heh heh.
- Some of you may
be wondering where
we've been since
we saw you last.
Well. it's quite a tale.
A tale of two heroes
on a quest to score.
across time and space.
It's a story of sex.
violence. power...
- Yeah. and fire.
heh. yeah. fire. heh.
Yeah. don't forget about that.
- It all began one ordinary day.
a day just like any other.
Heh heh.
-  Ow! Ow!
Ow! Heh. Ow! Heh.
Ow... heh... ow... heh...
Aah! Ow!
Aah! Ow! Heh... ow!
- What are you two doing?
- Ow! Heh.
- Uh... we're trying to
find out how many times
I can kick Beavis in the
nads before he passes out.
- Yeah. heh.
- And that's your
science fair project?
- Uhh...
what science fair?
- Yeah. what's that?
- Heh heh - Heh heh heh.
- Well. it's too bad you didn't
take this more seriously. okay?
The winner of the
science fair this year
gets a free trip
to NASA Space Camp.
- Whoa.
Space camp?
That's pretty cool. Butt-Head.
What if we really
did do a nad-kicking
science experiment
and. and like.
we did measurements
and we wrote stuff
down with a pencil
like you're supposed to and...
And maybe we could
prove everybody wrong
and win the whole science...
- Aah!
- Heh heh.
Whoa.
- Beavis. I have an idea for
our science fair project.
Heh heh heh heh.
Uh. okay. now stand here.
- Okay.
- Heh heh heh.
You're not gonna kick me
in the nads again. are you?
- No. I'm not. Beavis.
Those days are over.
- Oh. good. That's a relief.
That is the best news
I've heard all day.
Heh heh heh.
What's that thing?
- Aah!
Ahh... uhh...
- Beavis!
Beavis. what the
hell are you doing?
- Did we win the science fair?
- Even better. Beavis.
We kicked its ass.
Check it out.
- Whoa! Fire! Fire!
Fire! Heh. Fire!
- Beavis and Butt-Head.
this court hereby
finds you guilty.
- Yes!
- Yeah!
Kick-ass. yeah.
- Please rise.
Do you have anything to
say before I pass sentence?
- Uhh. if it like
pleased the court.
or something?
In my defense. I was trying
to kick Beavis in the nads.
- And I just want to
say. Your Majesty.
that. um. the explosions
were really cool.
Amen. Heh heh.
- Many have said. when
it comes to sentencing.
I'm the toughest
judge in the state.
And they're right.
But last night. I
watched a show called
"Touched by an Angel."
and it made me think.
When I look at these
two boys today.
I don't see their failure.
I see our failure.
- He said "touched."
- Heh heh heh.
- Heh. heh. yeah. heh.
- You boys like
explosions. don't you?
- Uh. Yeah.
- And fire. Heh heh heh.
- Well. you know who
else liked explosions?
Neil Armstrong.
And the only difference
between him and you
is he had the benefit
of supportive families
and teachers.
- Families. Heh heh heh.
- You know what
Neil Armstrong did?
- Did he score?
- He was the first
man on the moon.
- Yeah. yeah.
- We never found out who
won that trip to space camp.
because the records were lost
when the gym burned down.
But whoever it was
is going to be fine.
They're going to go on to good
colleges and fine careers.
So I say. why not
give opportunity
to those who really need it
and unlock the potential of
these two at-risk youths?
I hereby sentence
Beavis and Butt-Head
to eight weeks of Space Camp.
- O-o-oh. no!
- Heh heh heh heh.
It says Johnson.
- Heh heh heh.
- Boi-oi-oi-oing...
- Good morning.
I'm Commander Serena Ryan.
and I'm captain of the
Space Shuttle Endeavor.
And I'm Jim Hartson.
the lieutenant commander.
which is also an important...
- This week. you'll
have a front row seat
while we prepare to take
a very important mission
into space.
- Yep.
- We're gonna bring a new
telescope to the
Mir space station
and use it to observe
a small black hole.
- Hole.
- Heh heh heh heh.
- Heh. Heh.
- Albert Einstein and
Nathan Rosen theorized
black holes could contain rifts
in the very fabric of the
universe. or wormholes.
that could allow one to
travel through time and space.
- Wormhole? Uh-heh-heh.
- Yeah. I always
wondered how worms score.
- To my right here is a
model of the entry port
of Russia's Mir Space Station.
where we're going
to have to execute
a very difficult
docking maneuver.
I'm going to turn things
over to Officer Hartson now
and he's going to
show us how it works.
- Whoa!
- Oohh. yeah!
- Oohh. yeah.
- Whoa.
- Heh heh heh.
- Okay. space campers.
Now. the fun stuff...
Orbital mechanics.
Come on. Group: Yeah!
- Heh heh heh heh.
- Heh. Heh-heh.
- Heh.
Oohh. yeah!
- Oohh. yeah!
- Whoa!
- Oh!
- Whoa...
- Oohh. yeah.
- Whoa!
- Oohh. yeah. get it!
- Whoa.
- Yeah.
- Heh heh heh.
- I hope you're not spending
too much with the
space campers. Serena.
NASA has a lot riding
on this mission.
- Hey. you guys
have to see this.
It's amazing.
- Ooh. yeah!
- It's these two kids
from Space Camp...
They're phenomenal!
They've been doing
this for 18 hours
without food or water.
It's almost like they
have an unhealthy
single-minded obsession with it.
- Check this out. Butt-Head.
- They're using the robotic arm
as a secondary backup in
case of mechanical failure.
No one's ever thought of that.
- Incredible.
- They're brilliant.
- Wait a minute.
What if we brought them on
the mission to do the docking?
- You want those two
to go up in space
and dock the actual
space shuttle
to the Mir space station?
- And also. I thought
I was gonna do that...
- Think of the PR.
Two at-risk youths
turned astronauts?
We could finally get
Americans interested
in the space program again.
What do we have to lose?
- Nothing. I don't think.
- They'll never make it
through the training.
- But if they do?
- Whoa!
- Yeah!
- We'll see.
- Oohh. yeah.
- Hey. boys.
- Shut up! We're busy.
- Let me ask you something.
How would you guys
like to do that...
but do it for real?
- Whoa. You want
us to do that...
for real?
- Whoa. Heh heh.
- That's right. I want
you to do that for real.
In space. with me.
- W-w-with you? Heh. Heh.
- That's right.
- Whoa!
- Yes!
- Absolutely.
- Yes! A thousand times yes!
- I like your enthusiasm.
But it's gonna be hard work.
You're gonna have to
practice doing this a lot.
For hours. every day.
- Yeah. I... I
already do. Yeah. heh.
In the bathroom. yeah.
Sometimes. in the
teacher's lounge.
- Heh-heh. Ma'am.
We've been waiting our entire
lives for this opportunity.
We will not let you down.
- Then let's start
your training.
- Yeah!
- Heh heh heh.
- Beavis.
The government is about
to train our schlongs.
- For all mankind.
- Whoa!
- Hey. Butt-Head. what part
of sex does this train us for?
- Uh... I think it's the part
where your face
hurts or something.
- Oh. yeah. yeah. That's
gonna be good. yeah.
- Oohh. yeah.
- Get it! Yeah. yeah!
- Does everybody who
scores have to do this?
- Uhhh... probably.
- Ugh.
- Damn it.
- Not bad.
- Heh-heh. Heh.
- Damn it. Beavis. stop
barfing or you're going to
make me bar...
- Uh...
- Yeah. boy.
- Well. that concludes
your training.
So what do you think?
Are you ready to do it?
- Yeah. I was ready
before. but now I know how
to do it upside
down. or something.
- Yeah.
I'm ready to do it
right now. if you want.
- That's what I like to hear.
Now. go get
yourselves cleaned up.
- Beavis. tomorrow. we are
going to score with that lady.
- In outer space?
- Wherever she wants it.
Outer space. the back
of a car. I don't care.
- Yeah. me neither.
- Well? What do you think?
- I think NASA has a
couple new astronauts.
- Do you know how few people
have done what
you're about to do?
- Um. No.
- Only 256 men and 49 women.
- That's a little more
than I was hoping.
but. you know. that's okay.
- From 16 different countries.
ranging in age from 28-77.
- Jesus Christ! We get it.
- And that's not even counting
the Russian dog and the monkey.
- Enough!
- Of course. there were
some who didn't make it.
- We're not going to
be one of those. ma'am.
I can assure you.
- Yeah. we understand the risks.
- Mr. Beaven. Mr. Boothroid.
You're the youngest astronauts
ever on the space shuttle.
What's this moment feel like?
- Oh. hold on a second.
I've got something
I want to say.
Heh heh heh.
Um. I just wanna say
I've wanted to do
this my whole life.
but I never thought it
would really happen.
and I dreamed about
it every night
and then... and then I'd wake up
and feel ashamed and I'd
try to hide it from my mom.
But today. my dream
will come true.
- Heh heh heh.
- And. um.
I just want to say that
makes me the luckiest man
in the world.
- Boi-oi-oi-oing!
- 10. 9. 8. 7. 6...
- Counting sucks.
- 2. 1. lift-off.
- Fire! Fire! Fire!
- Endeavor. you are a go
for orbital operations.
- Damn it.
- I think the
floor's not working.
- How are you boys doing?
- Well. Serena. um. do you
wanna like just do it right now?
Or I was thinking
maybe we could...
- We don't need you
until we dock with the
Mir in three hours.
Until then. do you wanna
see something amazing?
Sunrise over Mother Earth.
Incredible. isn't it?
- Is it three hours yet?
- This is the best
view on the whole ship.
That's why they put the
controls for the telescope here.
Don't mess with those.
unless you want to risk
breaking a $2 billion
piece of equipment.
- Now it's probably
three hours. right?
- Take it all in while you
can. Just think. all of life.
everything we've ever known.
is down there on that
beautiful blue marble.
- Ehh. The Earth sucks.
Let's mess with those things.
Heh heh heh.
All I see is. like.
nighttime or something.
- Let's point it at the sun.
- Cool. yeah. Heh heh.
Maybe we'll see some fire.
- Let's have a look here.
See what we can see.
Aah!
I saw something but.
like. it went away.
- Try the other eye.
You've got two of them.
- Oh yeah. yeah.
heh. Good idea.
Look over here and... aah!
- Beavis. you can't
do anything right.
Step aside.
- Okay. boys. It's go time.
- It's kinda dark.
- Let me help you there.
It can be tough. your
first time in space.
- Thank you. ma'am.
- Are you ready to do it?
- Yeah. but I
thought you wanted us
to do the docking first.
- Commence docking sequence.
- See? They're doing great.
Wait. What are you doing?
What are they doing?
- No. no. stop!
- No. no. no...
Beavis: What's going on?
- Whoa!
- Ow! Somebody hit us!
- Fire!
- Fire! Fire!
Damn it. I can't see it.
Fire!
- Endeavor.
Endeavor. can you hear me?
- We copy. Houston.
- Endeavor. your
situation is critical.
You've lost 91% of your oxygen
and 93% of the fuel you
need to return to Earth.
The Mir has been damaged.
causing an international
incident with Russia.
We've missed our window
to observe the black hole
which will next be this close
to Earth in 34 trillion years.
Also...
- And now we've lost
comms with Earth.
- Uhh...
well. if you're looking
for some good news.
I can see again.
- Yeah. we're ready to
try the docking now.
- Looks like you
guys got in a wreck.
- Heh-heh. Yeah.
what happened?
- We're gonna make
it back to Earth.
I promise you that.
But here's the problem.
I don't know how to say this.
so I'm just gonna
get right to it.
There are seven of us.
and we only have enough
oxygen for five people
to make it home alive.
So we all have a
decision to make.
Two people need to
sacrifice themselves.
- Um. heh. Now. look. um. heh.
I-I think we're all thinking
the same thing here.
Can we put the TV back on?
- Yeah. but something cool this
time. 'cause that show sucked.
- Yeah. yeah. really.
"You have no oxygen."
Blah. blah. blah. blah.
- No. we can't put
the TV back on...
That was our last
communication with Earth.
- You know...
- Captain. if I can make
a suggestion...
- Guys.
I volunteer.
- Captain. no.
- You can't be serious.
- I'm the captain of this ship.
It would be easy to
blame our predicament
on the mistakes of
two absolute idiots.
- Boy. I'm glad you
said it and not us.
Heh-heh.
- Yeah. really.
Where'd you find
these two dumbasses?
- No. you! I'm clearly
talking about you.
But I chose you
for this mission.
And ultimately.
the responsibility lies with me.
- I'll volunteer too.
If this is the end.
I wanna make it
count for something.
- End.
- I'm gonna put on my suit
and take one last spacewalk.
It's how I always wanted to go.
- Wait a minute.
where's she going?
Is it time to
score? Heh heh heh.
- Beavis. they put us
in this rocket thing
for one reason: to
score with Serena.
It's gonna be one giant
leap for our schlongs.
- Yeah. for all mankind.
- Uh. Serena?
- What?
- I-I just wanted to thank you
for choosing us for this honor.
I know I'm not the first guy
most people would pick.
but you did and...
and I'll be thankful
for the rest of my life.
That's all.
- Your actions this day
will not soon be forgotten.
- Maybe I misjudged you two.
Listen.
This belonged to my grandmother.
She used to tell me.
"Keep dreaming your dreams."
- Mm-hmm.
- "One day. they
might just come true."
- Ha.
- I want you to have it.
- Okay. Heh.
- Watch me through the
window. doing what I love.
One last time.
My dream's over...
- Uh-huh.
- But I hope someday
your dream comes true.
I've gotta go put on my suit.
- Whoa. she wants us to watch
her change through the window.
Heh heh heh heh.
- Are you sure about
that. Butt-Head?
- Of course. dumbass.
You heard her.
She said watch me
through the window
and your dreams will come true.
- Oh yeah.
- And she gave us this
bracelet to seal the deal.
- Yeah.
Oh. yeah. Heh.
- Are you shitting me?
Okay. I've had enough
of these dickheads.
- Enjoy space.
- Now that I'm
about to be captain.
things are gonna be a little
different around here.
First of all... oh. Hello!
- I have some extremely
distressing news to share.
Specialist Beavis and
Specialist Butt-Head
made the very brave
and noble decision
to sacrifice themselves.
- Oh. that's awful.
- What a tragedy.
- So. no reason for
me to volunteer. then?
Okay.
Just so we're clear.
then... I un-volunteer.
I did volunteer. you
know. For the record.
You can tell people.
- Aah!
- Ohh...
- Believe me. I tried
to talk them out of it.
But they felt it was
the right thing to do.
and they left the airlock
before I could stop them.
- Oh. no...
- But while their tragically.
brief lives may be over.
they will live forever
in our memories.
Yeah.
- The elaborate dance
of seduction continues.
- Yeah. she really knows how
to build the anticipation.
You know what I'm saying?
Whoa! Um. Butt-Head?
What is that thing?
It feels like sucking
us in or something.
- Uh... it looks like some
kind of gigantic hole.
And it's black. Wait
a minute. Beavis.
I think I know what
kind of hole this is.
- Really?
- It's a butthole.
- No. no. no. No
way. No thanks.
I don't want to
die in a butthole!
I have dreams about it all
the time... no! No way!
- Settle down. Beavis.
- Uh-oh-ahh!
- Aah!
- Umm. Butt-Head.
Where are we?
- Uh... I don't know.
- Are we still in space?
- Whoa. Beavis. You're
not gonna believe this.
Look at that number. up
there on the billboard.
- Let's see. um... heh.
There's a two. And then.
um. some kind of circle.
And I don't know what that is.
I've never seen one
of those before.
- No. dumbass.
Not that number.
That one.
69.
- Um. so anyway. um. are
we still in space. though?
- Whoa. Beavis.
Look. it's Serena.
- Whoa!
- I guess she like made a
big sign so we'd remember
we're supposed to
score with her.
- Oh. yeah. yeah.
You know. that's really
thoughtful of her.
she's a really nice lady.
- Well. let's go do her.
- The missing nuke is somewhere
here in the Caucasus Mountains.
It is our nation's highest
priority to find it.
- It's happened.
- Excuse me.
- We've detected a
major space-time breach
in American airspace.
- My God.
- And something
came through it...
Two lifeforms.
- Who could it be?
The Chinese... Russia?
- Or aliens.
- This is why we needed
that space telescope
to observe the black
hole in '98... damn it!
Whatever they are.
we need to get down
there and find them.
- And dissect them.
- Get Alpha Team on the plane.
We're wheels up in five minutes.
- That's better.
- You can't score
with these things on.
- Greetings. Beavis
and Butt-Head.
- We bring you a grave warning.
- Uh... who are
you fart knockers?
- We are you. from what
your primitive planet
would call an
"alternate universe."
- A what?
- An alternate universe.
- Uh... a what?
- Um. did you see the cartoon
Spider-Man movie. per chance?
- Uh... no.
- Oh.
That would have made
explaining it a lot easier.
- Our names are unknowable
to your puny brains.
But you may call us Smart Beavis
and Smart Butt-Head.
- You see. in
infinite universes.
there are infinite
iterations of every person.
Every possible
version of you exists.
and we are the most
intelligent versions.
- Uh... did any of the
other versions ever score?
- No.
No version of Beavis and
Butt-Head has ever scored.
- That is true in every reality.
- Cool.
We're gonna be the first ones.
- Oh. yeah.
- Humorous. quite
humorous. Yes.
- Droll. very droll.
yes. Whimsical.
- That is amusing. yes.
Quite jocular. yes.
- Mirthful. yes.
- Okay. that's enough frivolity.
When you went through
the black hole.
you traveled through a
five-dimensional portal
in space and time.
- But in so doing.
you damaged the delicate
structure of the cosmos.
- Damage is cool.
- And now. both of our universes
face total destruction.
- And so we come
to you for help.
- There's a space-time portal
that will return
you to your time.
- You must enter this portal
before it closes in two days.
or everything you have ever
known will be gone forever.
- The portal is located
on the highest point
on your planet. atop
your "Mount Everest."
- This is your quest.
- You have exactly two days.
May science be with you.
- You said "mount."
Smart Beavis.
- Yes. their primitive language
has two meanings
for that word. yes.
- Humorous. quite jocular.
- Very droll and
whimsical. yes. yes.
- What did they say?
- Uhh. I don't know.
I think they were like
British or something.
Okay. now let's go score.
- Um. we're here for Serena.
- She probably
told you about us.
So if you can just
like. you know.
tell her we're ready
to get down with it.
Heh heh heh heh.
- Okay. so you
want to volunteer?
Maybe do some
canvassing for Serena?
- Canvassing?
We've never done
this before. so like.
maybe just. you know.
the regular way.
- I wanna volunteer my wiener.
- Why don't we
just step over here
so we can get a
picture of you two.
- Do we need to. like. take
our clothes off or something?
- Yeah.
- We're gonna score!
- Oh. these polls are horseshit.
Can you remind me
why I'm paying you
to get me re-elected governor?
- And me re-elected lieutenant
governor. which is also...
- Well. Governor. our new
strategy is youth outreach.
- Youth outreach.
- Our campaign teams
have been recruiting
young volunteers
to use for a new ad campaign.
We brought some pictures
for you to look at.
- Pictures. okay.
- No. no.
Loser. Eww.
No.
Clear the room.
- I'm assuming you
wanted me to stay.
because I'm second in command.
- Look at this.
They look exactly like
those kids I killed
on the mission in '98.
- Wow. They really do.
But they can't be the same
kids... that's impossible.
- It's them. I know it.
I spent three weeks stranded
in space because of those two.
certain I would die.
Drinking my own urine.
We had to eat flight
specialist Jung.
- Yeah. I didn't actually
get to eat any...
- And then 24 years
haunted that I had
killed two people.
that the world would
find out what I'd done.
- Yes. sometimes I
wish I didn't know that
because it sorta puts
me in a tricky position
going-to-jail-wise.
- They must have fallen
into the black hole somehow.
Traveled through an
Einstein-Rosen wormhole.
- That's amazing.
I mean. we have to tell
the scientific community...
- We have to kill them before
they tell everyone what I did.
- Right kill them. Yep. Mm-hmm.
no. that's what I meant.
That's yeah. okay. good.
- I just hope
we're not too late.
Get the helicopter.
Tell them I'm gonna
go visit some sick...
I don't know...
veterans or dogs.
- Why wasn't she
there. Butt-Head?
Why would she put
up a big picture
of herself and
then not be there?
- Uh... it's a little
game she's playing.
She wants us to chase her.
- Oh yeah. Here we come.
- Excuse me. Excuse me.
Please would you to take this?
- Uh. take it?
- Yes.
- Okay.
- No. you hold like
this and look here.
- Whoa. Check it out. Beavis.
That guy just gave
us a cool little TV.
- Heh. Do you have
any bigger TVs?
- Uh. this show sucks.
It's like just these fat
people standing there.
- I don't know. Butt-Head.
It's not that bad. Heh heh.
- Is good?
Should we back up?
- Uh. Okay.
- Like this or more backing up?
- Uh...
We're trying to watch TV.
- Like thi... ahh!
- That was cool.
- Yeah. it's like the show
really found itself. you know.
Glad we stuck with it.
- Uh. we want some nachos.
but we don't have any money.
- So why don't you just
pay with your phone?
- Uh... you mean this thing?
- Here. I'll show you.
what's your password?
- Ehh. password?
- Your password is password.
That's original.
- Whoa. we just paid
for that with this?
- Yeah. you can pay for
anything with your phone.
- Whoa. Anything?
- That's right.
Anything at all.
- Beavis. this
changes everything.
- Sir. based on
eyewitness interviews.
we've made a composite
sketch of the life forms.
- Whatever they are. they're
definitely not human.
- Uh. send up 100
more orders of nachos.
- Hey Butt-Head. this phone
kicks ass and everything.
But we need to find Serena.
- Shut up. Beavis.
I'm speaking with the nacho man.
You see what I
have to deal with?
- Hey. seriously. Siri:
How can I help you?
- Whoa. um. who is this?
- I'm Siri. I'm here to help.
- It's Serena. Hey Butt-Head.
Butt-Head!
- Damn it. Beavis.
I told you to shut up.
Do those nachos come with
side orders of nachos?
- Hey. hello.
- How can I help you?
- Hey. how's it going? Yeah.
Good to talk to you. Yeah.
So. um. I was wondering.
um. you know. like. um.
when we're going
to score you know?
- Notre Dame is losing
to Alabama 7 to 0.
- Yeah. that's interesting.
Um. so um. I know you
probably like Butt-Head more.
but I was thinking...
- I don't understand Butt-Head.
- Yeah. me neither.
Like. he thinks he can
tell me what to do.
and he's always trying to
kick my ass for no reason.
And it just gets
old after a while.
You know? I'm tired of it.
- How can I help you?
- Oh. just you know.
like. listening you know.
helps a lot.
I guess I never really had
anybody. you know. like to
actually listen like when I'm
talking and stuff. you know?
Heh heh heh.
Like nobody hears
the real Beavis.
You know what I'm saying?
- I don't understand Beavis.
- You know. neither
do I sometimes.
Yeah. Neither do I.
- And don't skimp on
the nacho cheese sauce.
or I'm talking to the manager.
Ugh.
Beavis? Beavis?
- You know. it's like
sometimes when I talk to you.
you know. I have this
like strange feeling.
It's like I'm happy and
sad at the same time.
I don't know what it means.
- Do you want me
to search the web?
- Yeah. spider webs
kick ass. Yeah.
Maybe we can search
for some. Yeah.
- A spider web is a
structure created by a spider
out of proteinaceous
spider silk.
It feels good to talk.
- Open the door. butthole.
- I don't understand butthole.
- Leave us alone!
- Damn it. Beavis. are
you talking to Serena?
Unlock the door now!
- I can't unlock the door.
First you need to
set up the Home app.
Would you like me to help
you set up your home?
- Wait a minute.
You're in our home?
- Would you like me to
help you set up your home?
- Butt-Head. she's at the house!
We need to go home right
now so we can score.
- Notre Dame is losing
to Alabama 17-10.
Walking directions to 322
Woodson St.. Highland. Texas.
Wood.
- Your trip will take 167 hours.
- We'll be there
before sunset. Beavis.
- We just missed them. sir.
- They wanted us to find this.
- Definitely not human.
- They paid for the
room with a phone.
so we were able to get a
recording of their voices.
- Woodson.
You have wood. son.
Boing.
- It's crude. but
they're learning
to approximate human speech.
I'll know more when I
dissect their mouthparts.
- We've got GPS
lock on the phone.
- Let's move.
- Governor. oh. my gosh.
I can't believe I
finally get to meet you.
- And I'm the lieuten...
- I'm just so interested
in all my young supporters.
but particularly these two.
- Oh. them.
- Did they say
anything about me?
Or tell you why they were here?
- No. Mostly they
just laughed a lot.
From the minute I
introduced myself.
- Introduced yourself?
What's your name?
- I'm Richard Whack.
- Dick Whack.
- Well. I've always gone by
Richard for that very rea...
- It really is them.
- Damm it.
Order a roadblock on all
roads leading out of town.
Say it's... do people
still care about terrorism?
- I do. Governor.
- Let's go with that.
- And so does the
whole Whack family.
- Um. Butt-Head. um. I was
wondering something. um...
I had a conversation
with this chick one time.
And so. um. I was wondering. um.
how do you know when
you're like. in love?
You know. what I'm saying?
- What wuss-ass thing
did you just say. Beavis?
- Uh. never mind. never mind.
I'm just gonna take
a whiz. Butt-Head.
I'll just go ahead
and get that from you.
Be right back.
- Uh. okay.
- Hey. Serena. How's it going?
- I'm happy to be here.
- It's good to hear your voice.
- I can't change my voice.
But you can do it
yourself in settings.
- Oh. no. no. no.
I like your voice.
I just want to say.
you know. like. um.
we were eating some
nachos. you know?
And I love nachos. you know?
And then. um. and then I was
thinking about you and me.
And I just want to say
that I also love. um.
I mean...
- I didn't get that.
Could you try again?
- You know what I'm talking
about though. right?
You know. it's a word that
starts with an L. I think.
or something. I mean. maybe
you could say it first.
I mean. you know.
if you want to.
- Sorry. I'm having trouble
connecting to the network.
- Uh-huh. And? And?
- Damn it. Beavis.
You better not be talking
to Serena in there.
- No. no. I'm just
spanking my monkey.
- You better be.
- I don't understand
spanking my monkey.
- Damn it. Beavis. you
lying son of a bitch.
- Anyway. Serena. I
was just gonna say.
and I've never said this
to any girl before but. um...
I... I love...
- Damn it!
- No. no. no.
No!
- We just lost the phone signal.
- Damn it!
- You dumbass.
Now get it before it gets
all covered with turds.
- I don't see it. Butt-Head.
Maybe it's deeper in.
If I can just get...
Get me out of here!
- Do you see it now?
- It stinks!
- Damn it. Beavis. you
gotta really get down there.
You're not even trying.
- Come on. Help me.
- Uh. okay. Beavis.
I'll help you.
Guess I have to do
everything myself.
- Get me out of here now!
- Come on. get in there.
you lazy son of a bitch.
- There's turds down here!
- I don't care about
your turds. Beavis.
Now get down there. We
need that phone to score.
- They must have known we were
tracking their phone and put it
in some sort of signal blocking
device or Faraday cage.
- They've studied
our tradecraft.
They're good.
- Aah! Turd!
- Damn it!
- What's rolling
around down there?
- Get me outta here!
There's turds down here.
- Time to wake up. Beavis.
- Ah! Ah! Where am I?
Turds!
If I can...
I can see it...
I found it!
Damn it. that's not a phone.
- There it is. dumbass.
- Oh. yeah. yeah. I
didn't see it there.
- You're disgusting. Beavis.
- Your trip to Woodson
Street. Highland
will take 274 hours.
- Whoa. she's
counting the hours.
Let's get moving.
Beavis.
- Sir. we've got a lock
on the phone again.
- Change course to intercept.
- We won't lose them this time.
- What is this? Is this
college or something?
- It could be.
Something sucks.
- Oh. boy. Heh heh.
Let's get out of here before
we learn something. Butt-Head.
- Yeah. really.
- Beavis. Butt-Head. it is we.
- We have made the quest easier.
We have moved the portal.
- Mount Everest seemed like
a good idea at the time
for its proximity to space.
but the trip was a long-y.
- Are you those guys
that are like us
or something?
- We've covered this already.
- The portal is now over there
behind the Classics building.
- It is well hidden
there because no one
cares about the
humanities anymore.
- They want jobs that
will allow them to pay off
their student debt.
- Amusing. yes.
- Yes. humorous. yes.
- Satirical comment
on the times.
- Yes. amusing.
- Seek the portal
before all is destroyed.
- The lives of
billions depend on it.
- Hurry. you haven't
but much time.
-  He said butt munch.
- I did not.
But I can see how
it would it be quite
humorous if I had...
- Yes. yes humorous.
- Yes. yes. they
do sound similar.
Amusing and incongruous.
- Uh. I like those guys.
- How'd they disappear. though?
- Uh. who cares?
Magic sucks.
- Are you sure about this?
Feels a little bit like
a wild goose chase.
- Listen. one of
our dipshit college
campaign volunteers had some
crazy story about how she
saw two teenagers
coming out of the same
Porta Potty laughing at nothing.
and one of them was covered
in feces and nacho cheese.
Who else could it be?
- Well. when I was in college.
I did some pretty crazy...
- Here's the deal.
If I don't kill those guys. I'm
going to be accused of murder.
And if I'm gonna be
accused of murder.
I might as well kill those guys.
So we're going to find them.
- Mm-hmm.
- Let's take a shortcut
through this thing.
- While exaggerating gender
norms sometimes winds up
subverting existing paradigms...
- Don't mind us.
- We just need to get
through here so we can score.
- Yeah. There's a slut at
our house who's gonna like
do it with us.
Any of you ladies want
to join the party?
- Hang on. everyone. Hang on.
This is teachable. okay?
Now. they use the word "slut"
in a sex positive way.
which is a good thing.
But other than that.
these two are a reminder
that we still have a long.
hard road ahead of us.
-  Long. hard.
- Yeah. like a
wiener. or a schlong.
You know. get it?
- Uh-huh.
Why don't we start by having
you two tell us what you thought
of the reading
assignments for today?
- Uh. we don't
really read stuff.
- Of course not. because
you don't need to.
Because Daddy's connections
got you into college
and will get you a
job on Wall Street.
- Uh. wait a minute.
Do you know who my dad is?
- I'm sure he's very powerful
and can have me fired.
But I don't care.
- Cool. My dad's powerful.
- Oh. that's cool. Yeah.
Because Butt-Head's mom
said he died of syphilis.
Wow.
- This is a classic
example of white privilege.
And you both have it.
- Uh. what's that?
- Anyone want to fill them in?
- Yeah. I'll do it.
Okay. So. white privilege
is when white people.
particularly men.
automatically assume they
can take whatever they want.
- And they never
have to worry about
getting stopped by the police.
- And they have the inside
track for any job they...
- I've got this one. Aisha.
They have the inside track
for any job they want.
- Exactly. Gage.
thank you for that.
That's white privilege.
- Whoa. and we have that?
- You sure do.
- I see.
- Whoa.
I never realized this stuff.
- Yeah. you've really
opened up my eyes.
- Well. I'm glad we've
been able to enlighten you.
The real question is.
do you think you'll
be acting differently
from now on?
- I guarantee it.
- Yeah. me too.
- Step aside. please.
We have white privilege.
- Yeah. yeah. check it out.
Don't worry. it's okay.
We automatically assume
we can take what we want
and we don't have to
worry about the police.
It's okay. you didn't
know. We didn't either.
Good stuff.
- This is what we
were taught. sir.
- We're subverting
the existing paradigm.
- This rules.
I never thought I'd say this.
but I'm glad we went to college.
- Now I have the skills
for today's workplace.
- Well. let's see. What
should we take next?
Let's take that car.
- But that's a police car.
- Beavis. you dumbass.
Didn't you hear?
We don't have to worry about
getting stopped by the police.
- Oh. yeah.
- Okay. Beavis. let's tear ass.
That was cool.
- Don't move!
- Uh. sir. maybe
you didn't know.
but we have white privilege.
- Get your hands
where I can see them.
- I think the problem is
you're just uneducated.
- Yeah. we're gonna get
jobs on Wall Street.
You guys know where that is?
Cut it out! Our
dads are powerful.
They did not die of syphilis.
- Hey. Beavis was driving.
We're in jail. Beavis.
This kicks ass.
- Yeah. that youth
pastor always said
we'd be here someday.
We finally made it.
- The system works. Beavis.
So. uh. sir?
How long do we
have to stay here?
Like an hour?
- We're on our way to go score.
- Well. you got no
one to bail you out.
so you'll be here until
your arraignment in a month.
I'll come get you then.
- What... What? A month?
- That sucks.
- No. no!
Nooo!
- They ditched the phone.
They could be anywhere.
- This is their work.
They're toying with us.
- It's the Feds.
They're on this too.
How much do they know about
the murders I committed?
- Oh... attempted.
In...
in a video game.
Yeah. I... I wasn't there.
- Ugh this sucks.
- Damn it.
Serena's gonna be at our house.
and we're not gonna be there.
She's gonna think I don't care.
- Heh heh heh. You care.
- I do care.
Sometimes. I think about her.
and I don't even get a boner
but I feel good anyway.
- Damn it. Beavis. shut
up. You're embarrassing me.
If you don't get a boner
when you think about her.
then you don't
know what love is.
- McCabe. Inspection now.
- Shit.
Okay. listen up. kid.
You're gonna help me out.
I can't let them
find these on me.
So you're going to take 'em.
- Whoa. heh.
You want me to
take all of those?
- Yes moron. take them now.
- Okay okay.
Tastes weird. Kinda salty.
- Hey. don't eat em!
Hide 'em in your pants.
- Shut up!
- McCabe!
- Heh heh heh heh.
This is gonna be cool.
- Maybe you ought to
check on that kid.
- You better shut up. McCabe.
- Which one of you
guys does tattoos?
- Hey. you better tell
your friend to chill. man.
- Yeah. he's not
really my friend.
He just. like. follows
me around all the time.
- I think I want to
get a tattoo of a butt
right here on my
forehead. Heh heh heh.
-  I am Cornholio!
I need TP for my bunghole!
Do not make my bunghole angry.
I demand TP!
- Hmm?
- Give me all your TP!
All your TP now!
- Quit disrespecting me!
- I will find your TP.
- I seek TP.
Do not disrespect my bunghole.
I am Cornholio!
I need TP for my bunghole.
Heh-heh-heh.
I demand TP. I demand TP!
More TP!
- Little dude's right.
we do need more TP.
- More TP. more TP!
I demand TP!
- Yeah. we want more TP.
- They never give us enough.
- You will not
disrespect my bunghole!
- Yeah. they're
disrespecting us.
They're disrespecting
our bungholes.
-  We demand TP!
- That little guy's right
about the toilet paper.
- No man can see
his own bunghole.
Hm-hm-hm-hm-heh.
- One butt cheek here.
and then one here.
Heh-heh.
- Look. are you
sure you don't want
a pair of dice or something?
- Dice? Heh-heh-heh.
This is gonna be on my head for
the rest of my life. dumbass.
-  TP! TP!
- You cannot imprison
the almighty bunghole!
And now. you must pay!
Hm-heh-heh.
- What the hell?
- I don't get it. sir.
It started out as a simple
request for toilet paper.
but now it's out of control.
- You have nothing to
lose but your bunghole!
- Prepare the extraction team.
- Who is this guy?
Antifa?
MS-13?
- We ran him and his
associate's fingerprints.
and it came back that
they died in 1998.
- What the hell?
- No man is free while
one bunghole is in chains!
- They died in '98?
We're dealing with something
here that's beyond explanation.
Have you ever seen a show
called "Touched by an Angel"?
- No.
- They always come
with a message.
What could his be?
- I am Cornholio!
I need TP for my bunghole!
-  TP! TP! TP!
- Stand by to take
down Cornholio.
- Have you seen my
bunghole? Heh-heh.
- When I open this
door. unleash hell.
- Stand down.
This has turned into
something bigger.
Cornholio's their hero.
He did the most dangerous
thing you can do in this place.
He gave those men hope.
And there's a funny
thing about hope.
It's contagious.
And these days. well.
I think we need all
the hope we can get.
- I hope you can
see my bunghole.
- So what are we supposed to do?
- The only thing we can do.
Give those prisoners all
the toilet paper we got.
And then we're going
to put those two boys
on a bus back to
where they came from.
Destroy their records.
And as far as I'm concerned.
they were never here.
And with God's help.
we will learn from
Cornholio's message today.
and we will become better men.
- I have but one
bunghole to give.
Heh-heh-heh. and
I give it to you.
- National security?
Well. that sounds important.
But those two boys
were never here.
Nope. no record of
them at this facility.
- No jail is going to
hold those two for long.
And apparently they
have the ability
to wipe people's memories.
- And to that end. I'm here to
surprise pardon two criminals
as part of my new "Soft
on Crime" initiative.
And I'll just take them back
to the Capitol
with me in my car.
- We heard about two
youngsters arrested
over at TSU for
some minor offenses.
- No. no one fitting that
description was ever here.
- Really?
Are... are you sure about that?
- Absolutely.
So. who do you want
to surprise pardon?
- Uh...
- Ma'am. we just want to say
thank you for pardoning us.
We appreciate...
- Shut up.
Where the hell are
Beavis and Butt-Head?
- Oh. those guys?
Oh. the warden put them on a
bus back to their hometown.
Highland Texas. I think it was.
- Oh.
- Highland Texas.
Finally a stroke of good luck.
- Whoo-hoo!
Thank you. Governor!
- You know. I guess the
lesson to learn from this is.
you probably should have
pardoned someone smaller.
because...
- God damn it!
- Heh heh heh.
We're almost there.
right. Butt-Head?
Heh heh heh.
- We sure are. Beavis.
It's been a long journey.
Heh-heh.
- Um. Butt-Head?
- Uh. yeah?
- What do you think's
gonna happen when we score?
Heh-heh-heh.
- Beavis. everything
is gonna be different.
Heh-heh.
Just imagine it.
Heh-heh. heh-heh.
- Beavis.
- Huh?
- You just scored with me.
- I did?
- Yes. and now I'm
your girlfriend.
- Yes!
Whoo!
- Check it out.
Heh-heh. yeah!
Oh!
- Whoa!
- You're right.
Beavis. fire is cool.
- Ow!
- I'm gonna tear
your head off and...
- No. you're not!
I'm his girlfriend.
Hi-yah!
- Yes!
Yes. yes. yes!
Yes!
- Hah!
- Ah...
Beavis. from now on. it's
just gonna be you and me.
And Butt-Head.
- Heh-heh-heh. heh-heh-heh.
I'm a deer.
Heh-heh-heh-heh.
- Heh.
Hm-hm-hm-heh.
- Hey Butt-Head. I heard
you put your thingy
in a girl's thingy.
- I sure did. heh-heh.
- Did it hurt?
- Nope. heh-heh.
And I was never
worried that it would.
Heh-heh.
Wood.
- Oh. Butt-Head. would
you please score with us?
- And every other girl you know?
- Indeed.
Heh-heh-heh-heh.
Heh-heh-heh-heh. heh-heh-heh.
- Highland. end of the line.
- Beavis.
Beavis. wake up. We made it.
- Yeah. yeah. heh.
- Heh-heh.
Yeah. we're gonna score. yeah.
Heh-heh-heh-heh.
- This is gonna be cool.
Heh-heh.
- Heh. hm-hm-hm-heh.
- Uh. Serena?
Heh-heh.
- Serena?
- Um. Butt-Head. what
are all these people
doing in our house?
- Uh. are we having
a party or something?
- Better not be.
We have to have sex in here.
- Heh-heh-heh.
- Welcome. Anita
Ross. Castle Realty.
Are you interested in the home?
- Uh. this is our house.
- Oh. yeah. I fell
in love with it too.
Let me give you the tour.
- Uh. what did you
do to our house?
- Well. the current owner
bought the property to flip.
Complete renovation.
- Yeah. this sucks. hm-hm-heh.
- The house was empty
for a long time.
Because it belonged to
the mother of one of these
two teenagers who died in this
accident on the space shuttle.
Shirley Beavis.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. heh.
Whoa. Butt-Head. look.
a garbage disposal.
- Yeah. heh. kick ass.
- Cool.
- Yeah. it's all brand-new.
Anyway. you won't
believe what happened
to Shirley Beavis when
her son died in space.
She went totally...
And
then. after she blew
through the settlement
money. she did something
you wouldn't believe.
- Something bigger. yeah.
- She took...
Bittersweet thing she said is.
if she could just see
her son one more time.
she would tell him these words:
"Son."...
- Yeah. grind it. yeah!
- That kicks ass.
Heh-heh-heh-heh.
- Ow. heh-heh. yeah.
Yeah. yeah. cool. heh-heh-heh.
- Heh-heh-heh.
So. um. so where's Serena?
- Who?
- Serena. yeah. heh.
Siri for short.
- Siri?
- Is she in the bedroom already?
- I mean if there's
like. a line.
that's cool and everything.
but. uh. we were led
to believe we would
get first dibs.
- Shut up. Butt-Head. come on.
- There's no smart home system.
if that's what you mean.
There's no Siri here.
- She's not here?
But... but she said...
she said she'd be here.
Hm-hm-hm-heh.
She's never lied to us before.
What happened. Butt-Head?
She promised she
was gonna be here.
And now she's not.
I thought we had something.
Where is she?
- Damn it. Beavis.
how am I supposed to know?
Uh. where's the remote?
Heh-heh.
- What are these things?
- Ahh!
- Ugh!
What the hell is that?
- Yeah. where's the TV?
- Uh. they're books.
- What?
- Heh-heh.
- Books?
Books?
No. heh. no!
We were supposed to score!
It was gonna be the
best thing in the world.
And instead. all
we get is books!
The worst thing in the world.
I'm tired of this crap.
It's not fair.
- Damn it. Beavis.
this is all your fault.
I would have scored if
you hadn't scared her off
with all your wuss
feelings talk.
"Oh. Serena. oh. I
don't have a boner."
Bleugh!
- Shut up. Butt-Head.
I don't sound like that.
You're the one who
scared her off.
You're always
calling her a slut.
- That's because she
is a slut. Beavis.
She's an S-L.
uh. O or something slut.
She told us herself. remember?
256 men. 49 women. a dog.
a chimpanzee with a
wiener the size of a...
- Ugh!
Beavis. you've just
crossed a line.
And I think we both know
what needs to happen now.
- Ah! Butthole!
- Heh-heh.
- Butt-Head. I'm gonna kill you.
you son of a bitch!
- Oh. my.
I know this can be
an emotional decision
for a couple. but...
- Beavis. you son of a whore.
- Yeah. all right. here we
go. here we go. let's just...
Yeah. let's just move
this party outside.
- Get your hands
off me. bunghole!
- Okay. just go. go. go. go.
go. good. good. good. good.
- My email's on the flyer.
- Damn it. Butt-Head.
I finally found someone.
and you're jealous!
- "I have feelings. Serena.
wuh-heh-heh. let's hold hands.
"Wuh-heh-heh."
- Shut up. Butt-Head!
You're the one who
drove her away.
She said she doesn't
understand you.
and we talked about spider
webs and you ruined everything.
- Damn it. Beavis.
Serena never liked you.
she was just talking
to you to get to me.
I'm tired of you
weighing me down.
I'm gonna get out of
here. and don't follow me.
Heh-heh-heh.
- Well. don't follow me.
Butthole! Hehe.
- Heh-heh-heh. heh-heh-heh.
Hey. Beavis. check...
Uh. oh.
Let go of me. butthole.
-  Hey. hey.
what are you... ah.
hey. what are you doing?
- Hm-hm-hm-heh.
- Are you here because you
hate the United States?
- Um. heh. the United States?
Is that. like. part of
America or something?
- It's hard to
believe this species
mastered interstellar travel.
- Perhaps the two
beings share one brain.
Apart. they're barely
able to feed themselves.
But together. their intelligence
is beyond what we
can even conceive.
- Hm-heh.
- We've located the
second creature.
- If we keep them apart.
it'll neutralize the threat.
- But if we don't
bring them together.
we'll never know their
plans for world conquest.
Or the location of their
internal sexual organs.
- Heh-heh-heh.
Pipe.
- Stop playing dumb.
Are you here to destroy me?
- Uh. if that's how
you want it. baby.
Heh-heh.
But I can also be very gentle.
- Okay. we're not
getting anywhere.
- Uh. I don't mind the
handcuffs. but like.
is this dumbass gonna be in the
room while we're getting it on?
- Who is this?
- Hello. Governor. It
appears we each have
something the other wants.
Governor Ryan. the
secret Defense Command
demands you turn over
your prisoner immediately
for reasons of
national security.
- You're sitting too
close to me. Beavis.
- You're sitting
too close to me.
Butthole. hm-hm-heh.
- As long as you're in the
state of Texas. Special Agent.
both those boys belong to me.
- And to a lesser extent me.
because I'm the lieutenant...
- There's no ice in this.
- Could your assistant
get me some ice as well?
- Oh. I'm not actually her
assistant. I'm the lieutenant...
- Hartson. just get us some ice.
- Heh. bunghole.
- You're the
bunghole. buttwagon.
- The federal government
has jurisdiction.
- He said dick.
Heh-heh. heh-heh-heh.
- Heh. hm-hm-heh.
It's not that
funny. hm-hm-hm-heh.
- Federal law dictates
that you turn them over.
- Whoa. he definitely
said dick that time.
Heh-heh-heh-heh.
- Heh-heh-hm-heh. yeah. heh.
Yeah. so what? It's not
that funny. Butt-Head.
So one word sounds
like another word.
big deal. who cares?
- So you can ruin me and
have me replaced as governor
with one of your
deep state assets?
- She said ate ass.
Heh-heh-heh.
- Whoa. ate ass.
She said ate ass!
- Jesus. what is wrong with you?
I did not say ate ass.
- She said it again. hm-heh.
- Heh-heh-heh-heh.
- Ate ass.
- They're just sitting
around saying ate ass.
- Ate ass.
- They are really annoying.
- Ate ass. sir.
- Is there another room
we could put them in?
- Ate ass!
- Heh-heh-heh. heh-heh.
- Heh-heh-heh. ate ass.
Hm-hm-heh-heh-heh.
- Ate ass. heh-heh.
- And then she said
she didn't say ate ass.
which made her say it again.
And then we said it. remember?
Hm-hm-hm-heh-heh.
- Yeah. that was cool.
- Oh. boy.
- Heh-heh-heh.
- Quick. I don't have much time.
I know what Serena did
to you on the Endeavor.
- Uh. she hasn't done it yet.
- It's gonna be any
minute though. yeah.
- I can help you bring her down.
- Uh. so like. you'd
be in the room?
- I'll be right behind
you all the way.
- Heh.
- Ugh.
Really?
- I don't know. Butt-Head.
I guess it's worth it. I mean.
I wouldn't say no to
anything at this point.
- Here's the plan.
I left the keys in that
green car right down there.
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
- Take the highway northbound
to the Pecos county rest stop.
- Mm-hmm. sounds good.
- There's a reporter
from the morning news
waiting to hear your story.
- Okay.
- All right. uh-huh.
- Did you get all that?
- Yes. sir. heh-heh.
- Yep. we're gonna score.
Heh-heh-heh.
- Damn right.
- I have to go back in there
before they get suspicious.
but you've got to
get out of here. now.
The people in there
want you dead.
What she tried to
do to you in '98
she's done to me every
day for 24 years.
- Christ. heh-heh-heh.
- Whoa. heh-heh.
- There's no need
to brag about it.
- I'm going to make sure
she can't do it to you
or anyone else ever again.
- Uh. wait a minute.
I think I see what's
going on here.
He doesn't want us to score.
That's why he took
the handcuffs off.
- Yeah. yeah. because he knows
Serena has a thing
for handcuffs.
Yeah. hm-hm-heh.
- Exactly.
And that's why he gave us a car.
and directions to
someplace far away
where Serena will never find us.
That dirty butthole.
- Damn it! Heh.
What's wrong with that guy?
He's scored every day
for... for 24 years.
That's like. um. 50 times.
- We got to get back in there
and get those handcuffs
back on. Beavis.
We just outsmarted
that son of a bitch.
Damn it. it's locked.
- Quick. Butt-Head. the window.
- Ah!
- Ugh.
Heh-heh.
- That was close. hm-hm-heh.
I can't wait to see
the look on his face
when he sees that car
and we're not in it.
Heh-heh-heh.
- Heh-heh-heh.
-  What did I miss?
- This is so funny.
We were arguing
whether they're aliens
or the boys from
the Space Shuttle.
But then we realized.
it doesn't matter.
We both want the same thing.
- We want to kill them. and
they want to dissect them.
We're all on the same team.
- Well. let's go kill them.
- And dissect them. right. Phil?
- You got me.
- What the hell?
Uh. just hold on a second.
- What is it. Hartson?
- All this talk about dissecting
is making me curious.
No. you know what. forget
it. it's probably way
too complicated for someone
like me to understand.
- Hmm.
Oh. no. no. no. on the contrary.
this will just take a minute.
I've got some
pictures on my phone.
First. you need to
locate the anus.
- Okay. there. we
got 'em closed.
Now let's put our hands in.
- It won't fit. Butt-Head.
How'd we ever get our hands
in here in the first place?
- Uh. let's open them
up and start over again.
We need a key. heh-heh.
- I think that guy said the
keys are in the green car.
Heh-heh-heh-heh.
- Uh. oh. yeah.
Heh-heh. good thinking. Beavis.
Heh-heh-heh.
- Yeah. heh-heh. thanks.
- I know you're thinking. "I
need an expensive scalpel."
but save your money for
the embalming fluid.
There's a guy in Ecuador
who can set you up...
- You know what. we
don't have time for this.
Let's go kill those boys. huh?
- Heh-heh.
- Damn it.
- I think you just. um...
- This key sucks.
- Yeah. I don't know.
- They're gone.
- What?
I can't believe it!
- Where could they have gone?
- I think I have an idea.
- Directions to 322 Woodson
Street. Highland. Texas.
- Heh-heh-heh.
Wood.
Heh-heh-heh-heh.
- Let's go.
- Damn it.
- Hartson. get in the van.
- It doesn't fit.
- Hey. Serena's in there.
And that butthole.
- He's gonna go score with her.
- Why is it always
a guy with a van?
- We got to save her before
Hartson bones her again.
Heh-heh.
- Yeah. he's out of control.
And. um. I just want to say. um.
you can score first if
you want to. Butt-Head.
Hm-hm-heh.
- Beavis. I'm not gonna score.
And you're not gonna score.
We're gonna score.
- Yeah. heh. yeah. yeah!
- Now let's go score
before I change my mind.
Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh.
- Yeah!
- All we need now is a car.
Hmm.
- Um. Butt-Head. we're in a car.
Yeah. hm-hm-hm-heh.
- Oh. yeah. heh-heh.
You really brought your
A-game today. Beavis.
Heh-heh-heh.
- Heh. yeah. thanks.
Hm-hm-heh.
- Remember. Butt-Head. it's
gonna go backwards like before.
Yeah. hm-hm-hm-hm-heh.
- Uh. oh. yeah.
Heh-heh. you're
on a roll. Beavis.
Heh-heh.
Just gonna back this
baby out and go score.
- Heh. kick ass. yeah!
Heh-heh-heh.
- Heh-heh-heh.
This is cool.
- Yeah. yeah. heh-heh. yeah.
Whoa!
- Heh-heh.
- Wait. I see her!
I see her. Butt-Head. speed up!
- Okay. Beavis.
- Heh-heh-heh.
- Hang on. we're being followed.
- What the hell?
- There she is!
Faster. Butt-Head.
come on. faster!
- Who could it be?
- Probably just someone
who just happens
to be going our way.
To the store. perhaps.
- It's the Venezuelans
or Al-Qaeda.
- Or the Venusians.
Or Arcturus Six.
- Or probably just someone
going to the store.
You know how you
run out of milk?
- I think it's time
to put this baby
into high gear. Beavis.
- Yeah. yeah. heh.
yeah let's do it. yeah.
What does R stand for?
Hm-hm-heh.
- Uh. really fast?
- Yeah. yeah. let's
go really fast.
Ow. heh. ow!
- Ugh!
Ugh.
- You have a bag in your face.
- Heh-heh-heh.
- Oh. yeah. heh-heh.
Bag. heh-heh-heh.
- Heh-heh-heh-heh.
- Come on. Butt-Head!
Come on. drive!
We have to save Serena. come on.
- Uh. I think there's
something wrong with this car.
Heh-heh-heh.
- The car is going
backwards. Butt-Head.
Heh.
- Uh. oh.
Heh-heh. cool.
- Whew. well. I
think we lost them.
Nothing to worry about. I guess.
- They're back. and
they're driving backwards.
- What the hell is happening?
Who are these guys?
- The East Germans train
their assassination teams
to drive backwards
to give their snipers
a better field of vision.
- We almost got 'em.
Butt-Head. hurry.
Heh-heh-hm-hm-heh.
- Beavis and Butt-Head.
- Listen carefully.
You only have three minutes
to go through the portal.
Our universes hang
in the balance.
- Uh. how did you get here?
- Our universe has technology
that you can only dream of.
- Can you watch porn on it?
- Yes. an infinite amount.
- Every scenario you
can ever imagine.
- But none of it will exist
if you do not go
through the portal.
- Why did you not go
through the portal before?
It was right there behind
the Classics department.
- You could have saved the
universe and maybe learned
how Latin is the basis
of English grammar.
- But no matter. At
great personal expense.
we have moved the portal again.
It is now in your old home.
in the poorly renovated
half bathroom.
- Enter now so the
portal might seal itself.
and you will return
to a universe
where you never went
through the black hole
but instead lived your
lives these past 24 years.
- Heh-heh-heh-heh.
- Hm-hm-heh-heh.
- Um. heh. who are those guys?
- Uh. I don't know.
They seem pretty cool. though.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
not too bad. really.
- This show sucks.
- Yeah. yeah. it's horrible.
Change the channel.
Butt-Head. come on. right now.
- Don't tell me what to do.
- Yeah. yeah. hit
'em. hit 'em again.
Come on. turn that show back on.
- There is no time.
Now fly to the portal. fly.
- There's a stop
sign. Butt-Head.
- Fly. my friends...
- Heh. ow.
Ah!
That was painful.
- We must hasten to the...
- Looks like we lost them.
Woodson Street is
right up ahead.
- There they are. Butt-Head.
- Sweet Christ.
- There's only five
people in the world
who could drive like that.
- Yeah. again. probably just
someone going out
shopping. and their
transmission got
stuck in reverse.
Happens to me. Never
happened to you?
- I'm not going down
without a fight.
- Or instead. you
could pull over
and let me out and...
Ahh!
- Cool. Someone put
a little mirror here
where you can.
like. see behind...
Heh-heh.
- I don't see it. where?
Ah!
- Ugh!
- Hey Butt-Head. they stopped.
- We got 'em right
where we want 'em.
- Ah. ah!
- Ugh!
- Get out of the car.
- Of course.
- What the hell?
- That's right. baby.
Our little dance of
seduction is now complete.
Heh-heh-heh.
- Hm. yeah. heh. oh. yeah.
- Hold your fire.
24 years ago. you
nearly destroyed me.
And now you've traveled
through time and space
to try to destroy me again.
I want to be the one to do this.
- Yes! Heh-heh.
- Yes. it's really
going to happen!
- Wait. bu... why are you happy?
- Uh. because. milady.
we are about to score with thee.
- Together.
- Heh-heh. heh-heh.
- Hm. yeah. heh-heh.
- Hang on.
Do you think I'm going
to have sex with you?
- Uh. yeah.
Heh-heh.
- So. um. should we do it here
or in the kitchen.
'cause I think that guy
wants to watch or something?
- Heh-heh.
- Hm. yeah. heh.
- Yeah. you said
you'd have sex with us
back at Space Camp. Remember?
- What did I say at Space Camp?
- How would you guys
like to do that.
but do it for real. with me?
- Whoa.
- Yes!
- That wasn't so hard. was it?
- Well. actually.
it was pretty hard
until the last
five minutes or so.
but then I got barf on it.
And then. you know.
just. heh. see you later.
- To me. the most
exciting part is re-entry.
- Heh-heh-heh.
- Hm-heh-heh.
Yeah. we get to do it twice!
- Do it...
so hard...
re-entry...
Oh. my God. You were
never out to get me.
You just wanted to
have sex with me.
- Yeah. baby. heh-heh.
- Guilty as charged. heh.
you know what I'm saying?
Hm-hm-hm-hm-heh.
- These boys aren't my enemies.
and they're not aliens out
to destroy our way of life.
They're just two very. very
stupid and horny teenagers.
- Uh. huh?
Heh-heh.
- Yeah. come on. heh-heh.
- Boi-yoi-yoi-ing!
- I can't believe I've
been hanging on to this
for 24 years.
- Yeah. I've been
hanging on to it too.
Hm-hm-heh.
- And now. I know you mean
you've been masturbating.
It's all so simple.
- Well. I'll be.
Masturbating.
- Let's all go home.
- Oh. no. I'm not
gonna let everyone
just walk away from this.
I know everything you've
done. every law you've broken.
That's right. from now on. it's
gonna be my turn because...
- What?
- What the hell?
- Beavis and Butt-Head. hear us.
- You need to open the door
first. Smart Butt-Head.
- Yes. yes. the door. yes.
- Well observed. Smart
Beavis. well observed. yes.
Beavis and Butt-Head. hear us.
You have mere seconds
to enter the portal.
- Only by the two of
you entering this portal
can our universes be saved.
- Otherwise. the entire
cosmos shall perish forever.
Make haste.
- Uh. okay. haste.
- No. they are witnesses and
they are not going anywhere!
And I don't know who
you two freaks are
or how you're mixed up in
this. but I'm gonna find out.
I am done being a laughingstock.
I've already called the
Federal whistleblower hotline
and as soon as I get off hold...
- Hello. can I help you?
- You sure can. I am calling
from Highland. Texas. and I...
- Hello?
Hello?
Asshole.
- Hmm. Well. I will be damned.
- That appears to have worked.
- We thought it needed
to be the two of you
to go through the portal.
But I guess anything
would have worked.
We could have thrown
a brick in there.
- It's safe to say.
we were making it
more complicated
than it needed to be.
- While we are the smartest
Beavis and Butt-Head
in all the cosmos.
in absolute terms. we're
still not so bright.
- Okay. boys.
No one can know what
happened here tonight.
So what will it take
to keep you quiet?
- Uh. we want to score.
Heh-heh.
- Oh. God.
I mean. I suppose it's not
the most disgusting thing
I've done for my career.
So would it have
to be both of you?
- That's right. Serena.
We're a team.
- Yep.
- Heh-heh-heh.
- Hm-hm-hm-heh.
- Oh. God. this is. oof. rough.
I'm gonna need a minute
to think about this.
- Um. heh. Serena.
whatever you decide.
you know. like. either way.
there's something
I need to tell you.
Um. heh.
Something I tried to say before.
but I didn't have the courage.
- Go ahead. Beavis.
- Now Serena. I've
been on a long journey
and I've been to outer space
and I've been in a toilet.
And I think I've been
to some other places
that. um. heh. I don't remember.
But um...
- You went to college.
- Oh. yeah. yeah. heh.
I went to college...
- And you went to jail.
- No. I don't remember that.
Anyway. along the way. I
learned some things and stuff.
Or something. and. um. heh.
And so now. I finally am ready
to say to you what I've
been wanting to say.
which is that...
That I... I. um. heh. I lo...
I... I...
I... I lo...
- Come on. kid. you can do it.
- I...
- I love you. Serena.
For years. I have
watched you from afar
through the portal.
entranced by your beauty.
your elegance. your grace.
your intelligence. your
knowledge of science.
- Wait a second.
- And I have a
better offer for you.
Come with me to my universe.
and I will show you the
mysteries of the cosmos
as we travel across
the galaxies.
beyond anything NASA
will ever achieve...
fulfilling all the
dreams you ever had
since you were a little girl
staring up at the stars.
- Wow. that is. surprisingly.
everything I've ever dreamed of.
- Um. I have an
offer too. um. heh.
I found a coupon in
the car for Taco Bell.
I was thinking
maybe we could. um.
we could go have a taco...
- Also I was thinking
we might score.
- You know what?
So was I.
- Yeah. sometimes the
Taco Bell has a Pizza Hut.
You know. if you don't
like tacos. heh. or nachos.
- I have a gigantic
schlong. I hope that's okay.
- Oh. boy. yeah. I knew it.
Here we go again.
Hm-hm-hm-hm-heh.
- Beavis. you're a dumbass.
Heh-heh-heh.
- Hm-hm-hm-heh.
- Heh-heh-heh. heh-heh-heh.
- Heh. hm-hm-hm-heh.
- And there you have it.
The greatest story ever told.
Heh-heh-heh.
- Pretty cool. yeah. heh-heh.
- We promised those government
buttholes that we wouldn't
tell anyone what
happened. and they gave us
a brand-new TV and
put our house back
exactly the way it was.
- And it wasn't me. but
somewhere out there.
there's a Beavis who scored.
Hm. yeah. heh-heh-heh.
- Heh-heh-heh. heh-heh-heh.
- Heh. hm-hm. heh.
- Heh-heh-heh-heh.
- Hm. heh-heh. heh-heh.
- Smart Beavis and
Smart Butt-Head.
we honor you.
- For you. Smart Beavis. are
the first among us to score.
- And you. Smart Butt-Head.
were able to watch
by hiding in a suitcase
at the foot of the bed.
- Serena left immediately
and is not returning
phone calls or texts.
- But no matter.
Tonight. we celebrate!
- Chirp.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm